# Minutes of Meeting

### Date : 16-08-2018
### Time : 17:00 
### Topic: Team Meet
### Attendees: Ujwal Narayan , R.S Subbulakshmi , Charan Chinni , Arnav Kapoor ,Debojit Das
### Venue: Reading Room

## Points Discussed:

- Gitlab repos will be created soon: Minutes of meetings should be uploaded
- We will soon be told which documents we need to submit and when
- Try and discuss with the client for technical needs before asking TAs.
- R1: after 10 weeks from start of project
- R2: after 15 weeks from start of project
